[OSDOCS-16998] CQA Minimum resource requirements (#118184)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-minimum-resource-requirements.adoc

ifdef::ibm-power,ipi-bare-metal[]
* {product-title} and Kubernetes are sensitive to disk performance, and faster storage is recommended, particularly for etcd on the control plane nodes. Note that on many cloud platforms, storage size and IOPS scale together, so you might need to over-allocate storage volume to obtain sufficient performance.
endif::ibm-power,ipi-bare-metal[]
ifdef::vsphere[]
* {product-title} and Kubernetes are sensitive to disk performance, and faster storage is recommended, particularly for etcd on the control plane nodes which require a 10 ms p99 fsync duration. Note that on many cloud platforms, storage size and IOPS scale together, so you might need to over-allocate storage volume to obtain sufficient performance.
* As with all user-provisioned installations, if you choose to use {op-system-base} compute machines in your cluster, you take responsibility for all operating system life cycle management and maintenance, including performing system updates, applying patches, and completing all other required tasks. Use of {op-system-base} 7 compute machines is deprecated and has been removed in {product-title} 4.10 and later.
endif::vsphere[]
--
[NOTE]
====

> For {product-title} version {product-version}, {op-system} is based on {op-system-base} version 9.8, which has the micro-architecture requirements. The following list contains the minimum instruction set architectures (ISA) that each architecture requires:

Reviewer: I think we don't want to change this since it needs to be paired with the RHEL version. I'm not 100% sure how that is handled, but seems like it might be safer to leave it hard coded.

* x86-64 architecture requires x86-64-v2 ISA
* ARM64 architecture requires ARMv8.0-A ISA

> * ppc64le architecture requires {ibm-name} Power9 ISA

Author: I have already verified with @prb112 that this is the correct naming for IBM Power

These minimum CPU and memory requirements do not account for resources required by user workloads.

> For more information, see the KCS article link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7074533[Memory Ballooning and OpenShift].

Reviewer: I guess we should use the official language that was in the link before?
```suggestion
For more information, see the Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledgebase article link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7074533[Memory Ballooning and OpenShift].
```
